<b> Introduction to UPick </b>
You are hanging out with a group of friends and someone brings up the all-important question: “Where should we eat?” Several seconds of silence pass and no one has the slightest clue of what they want to eat. A unanimous “I don’t know, up to you.” The casual and friendly gathering quickly becomes rife with uncertainty and indecision. It is often easy for these situations to lead to large amounts of time and energy wasted, so to help alleviate the indecisiveness, we developed the mobile application UPick. UPick will recommend a restaurant in the area based on user-set food preferences, recommend a restaurant in the area based on user-set ideas, and recommend recipes  for those who want to cook their own tasty meals at home. 

With UPick, users can input food preferences via an initial questionnaire or in the “Preferences” tab. The questionnaire and “Preferences” tab consist of comprehensive parameters; users can decide on cuisines, diet preferences, allergy restrictions, price ranges, types of restaurants (cafe, fast food, bar, etc.),  planned eating hours (to narrow down restaurants by hours of operation), and restaurant ratings. Once users preferences’ are set, they can then either enter a zip code or pin a location on a map to receive a randomly selected restaurant within the designated area. By streamlining the food decision process, UPick saves everyone's time and gives everyone a clearer idea about where they could go to eat.  

UPick works remarkably in small and large groups, when members have an idea of where or what they would like to eat but cannot decide amongst themselves where exactly to go. With UPick, users can either sign up for an account and add their peers into a group or sign up as a guest and join a group via a QR code. Each member of the group can then input their restaurant ideas into one combined list. UPick facilitates the group’s decision making process by compiling the entries and randomly picking one restaurant from among them.
  
And as if these features are not already enough to make UPick the top food decision application, UPick also accounts for financially-conscious and indecisive users who want to cook at home. UPick solves this problem by allowing users to search recipes by keywords from the app’s database, and then randomly pick a recipe for them to make based on those keywords. The user shall then be able to automatically see the details of the archived recipe for further convenience. To help with budgeting and smart financial decision making, UPick even has a built-in logging feature that provides users with the ability to input food/grocery expenses and then view their running totals on a weekly or monthly basis.

UPick is the primary food decision application that prevents all the uncertainty that comes with picking something to eat. This application lessens the time and energy wasted deciding what or where to eat, and quickly offers solutions so that there is no uncertainty amongst your peers or yourself. UPick is designed with the end-user in mind; it accounts for unsure users at home and provides tools for success and efficiency. UPick’s combined features make it an innovative, essential, and versatile application that can be used by all.

